Licensing content (#4140)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/license/_index.md

| License | Duration | Cost | Features | Intended environment | Support Model | Restrictions | Typical Persona | Intended uses |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ----------- |  ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | --------- |
| Free | Perpetual requiring annual renewal | Free | Basic | Non-production workloads | Community support in Slack | Some features and scale may be restricted | Issued to individual (seat license) | Personal and non-commercial use |
| Trial | Initial 30-day license renewable up to 90 days | Free | Advanced functionality enabled | Non-production workloads | Community support in Slack and solution architect support | Some features and scale may be restricted | Individual within an organization | Evaluate products in a non-production environment organization or company |
| Commercial | Duration of contract, renewable and upgradable | Paid | Advanced functionality enabled | Production and Non-production workloads | Support per contract | Full product(s) and content per contract | Professional DevOps Engineer within an organization | Enterprise workloads |

> Licensing is available for non-profit, research and/or academic organizations through a special, free or highly discounted commercial license at [NPRA](https://www.chef.io/nonprofit-entitlement-program).

Author: ```suggestion
Licensing is available for non-profit, research and/or academic organizations through a special, free or highly discounted commercial license through [Chef's Non-Profit Entitlement
Program](https://www.chef.io/nonprofit-entitlement-program).
```

Official downstream distributions made from original Chef distributions (for example, CINC) are not affected by this license change.

## Required and optional usage data

> The Progress Chef EULA requires basic license information to be transmitted to Chef for all products, including InSpec 6.0. The basic license information collected includes which applications are in use, what versions they are, and the license(s) they are being governed by. How often? Link to another article?

Reviewer: Minor thing - don't say "InSpec 6.0" - we will be releasing at least 6.4.40, and we want to refer generically to InSpec 6.

Reviewer: In terms of "how often", InSpec is a CLI command - it is on a per-invocation basis. In other words, it sends telemetry each time it runs, and how often it runs is entirely in the discretion of the user.

We should set the (worst-case) expectation that we will send telemetry, possibly repeatedly, on every invocation, though we may in fact implement caching strategies. This will raise concerns among users that have airgap requirements - so we need to mention the availability of the Local Licensing Service(s) here.

The licensed customer may opt in to additional telemetry and usage data being sent back to Chef. This telemetry is used to tailor recommendations to customers, develop new features, and optimize the customer experience. Can the customer see this data? Can they opt-in / out regularly? Link to another article on what this is, maybe the telemetry service?

## Reuse Progress Chef as open source

> Reuse of source code from the Progress Chef projects--including Chef Infra Client ("chef"), Chef InSpec, and Chef Habitat--is governed by the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) (unless specified in the repository otherwise) and source code is released publicly through repositories in these organizations:

Reviewer: "source code from the Progress Chef open-source projects..."

Be very careful to qualify this - source code only from Progress Chef **open-source** projects falls under Apache v2. Not all Progress Chef projects are open-source.
